Title: s09e16
URL: https://www.springfieldspringfield.co.uk/view_episode_scripts.php?tv-show=the-middle&episode=s09e16

1  FRANKIE: You know how you have one of those weeks,  then something just tips you over the edge  and you know there's only one thing  that'll make you feel better?  But then you realize you ate your last can of frosting  and luckily there's an even better thing  a really good cry.
[EXHALES DEEPLY.]
[SOBBING.]
BRICK: Mom?  What?  Well, I did not have a good day.
I just wanna get out in front of this  I might be getting a very bad grade in health.
But it's not my fault.
My teacher has it in for me.
[SIGHS.]
All right, tell me all about it.
Well, I thought my reproductive-system test  would've brought up my grade,  but turns out, I miscalculated.
I thought I had two ovaries,  but apparently that's not what mine are called.
I actually found out about what a bolus was,  which, apparently it's just a scientific  Everything here seems to be in order.
Though, I was curious about this charge here for snacks.
The guys here like their pretzels.
They're handling dynamite all day.
You gotta keep 'em happy.
[LAUGHING.]
Yeah.
We'll allow it.
You know, Mike, dealing with piddly stuff like pretzels  for the employees wouldn't be a concern  for our regional manager.
[CHUCKLES.]
Yeah, well, good for him.
Good for him, or good for you.
[LAUGHS.]
[CHUCKLES.]
Did you guys stop at happy hour on the way over here?  - [BOTH LAUGH.]
- No.
No.
Sorry.
We're just excited  to be giving out good news for a change.
Usually all we do is take away people's health benefits.
W-What we're trying to say, Mike, is we'd like to offer you  the job of regional manager.
Seriously?  I thought you already passed me over for that.
Yeah, well, that was two years ago.
And we clearly made a mistake hiring someone from the outside.
Yeah, we had to fire that guy  for getting handsy with the female staffers.
- He's running for Congress now.
- Yeah.
Truth is, you've been an asset to this company,  and we should've promoted you in the first place.
So we want to make things right  and offer you the position now.
So, what do you say, Mike?  Are you ready to work with us in corporate?    Today, we're starting our unit on Healthy Families,  or, as I like to call it,  "Go All the Way, Be a Parent All Day.
"  For the next two weeks, you will be parenting one of these.
Feeding it, changing its diaper, everything  24 hours a day, just like you would a real baby.
And for those of you struggling in this class,  this unit will count for 80% of your grade.
- [STUDENTS GASP.]
- [SCHOOL BELL RINGS.]
On your way out, be sure to grab your little bundle of joy.
Instructions are on the class web page.
Have a name for your baby by tomorrow.
[SIGHS.]
As soon as I had the chance,  I decided to give the crying another go.
[SIGHS.]
[EXHALES DEEPLY.]
[SOBBING.]
MIKE: Frankie!  [SIGHS.]
Listen to this.
The corporate guys stopped by.
[GASPS.]
Are they trying to take away your pretzels again?  No.
It's not  Are we gonna lose our health benefits?  No.
Why are you guessing? Let me tell you.
They offered me the regional manager job.
What? The same job you tried for before?  Yeah.
It's mine if I want it.
[GASPS.]
Oh, my God! That's great!  Will there be more money?  Uh, maybe a little.
But that's not the point.
And you're sure you wanna switch jobs now?  You're not that far from retirement.
Pbbr.
Have you seen my latest pension statement?  I'm not leaving that place without a toe tag.
Okay, all I'm sayin' is,  you've been at the quarry forever,  working with those guys forever.
Leaving now would be a big change,  and you're not exactly a big-change kind of guy.
Yeah, I know, but every day,  I take the same road, eat the same lunch.
This would be a chance to take a different road,  eat a different lunch.
Maybe it's time to shake up my routine.
Sounds like you've made the decision.
[EXHALES SHARPLY.]
I guess I have.
[MUFFLED BABY CRIES.]
What the  [BABY FUSSES.]
Little Brick?  Oh, there it is.
I've been looking for that.
What are you doing with Little Brick?  Wait.
She gave me the baby you took care of  when you were a sophomore?  [SIGHS.]
No wonder it's trashed.
Hey! Watch it.
You are hurting Little Brick's feelings.
Her name is not Little Brick.
She's a girl.
I actually changed her diaper,  which is more than you ever did.
I'm calling her Little Axlina.
And unlike you, I plan to be a good parent.
Oh.
Well, I guess good parents leave their baby in the fridge.
I didn't mean to.
I went in for a pudding cup and must've forgot.
[DISTORTED CRY.]
Thanks for wrecking my baby, Axl.
She's supposed to have a different cry for every need,  but they all just sound like she's possessed by the devil.
By any chance, do you know where her other arm is?  No.
But let me give you a little parenting tip  swing it by its leg and hold it near the microwave.
It likes that.
Well, this is just perfect.
How am I supposed to get a good grade with this mutant baby?  Mrs.
Kozicki already has a target on my back.
Bluck.
Mrs.
Kozicki.
She used to hate me.
Oh, my God.
Now it all makes sense.
She had a chip on her shoulder  before I even set foot in her class.
She thinks I'm just another horrible Heck male,  and she gave me this baby as revenge.
You're the reason she hates me.
It's because she hated you first!  You! You!  Whoa!  For a little dude, you are crazy scary when you're pissed.
[DISTORTED CRY.]
Okay, fine, Brick, I'm gonna do you a solid.
I'm gonna go down to the school, I'm gonna tell her  I'm sorry I was such a jerk in her class.
'Cause if she's got beef with me,  I can't let her take it out on you.
Cool?  Really? You'd do that for me?  That's what big bros do for little bros.
Plus, I don't want you getting all up in my grille again.
Seriously, that was freaky.
[DOOR CLOSES.]
Yeah, yeah.
I got all your crying-face emojis.
Thought we were done with that, but  I guess not.
Mike, what are you doing, man?  Why are you leaving us?  Look, it's a great opportunity that I couldn't turn down.
Let's not make a big deal about it.
Well, don't tell anyone this,  but I cried when I got your text!  Wow.
So Big Boss Man's gonna be Big Big Boss Man.
You can't go, Mike.
I always pictured us all ending up together  at the Old Quarry Guys Home,  playing horseshoes, grilling burgers  you manning the spatula, me putting on the cheese,  both of us in matching aprons.
So when's your last day?  Friday.
Friday?! But that barely gives us  any time to plan your going-away party!  No.
No! We're not doing a party.
Hey, I need everyone to chip in  so that we can get Mike one of those big cards.
Ooh, maybe one that plays music.
No.
You know what you guys can do for me?  A good day's work.
Save the cards and the cupcakes for the new guy.
Come on.
Let's get busy.
All right.
Actually, Mike,  will you be the one deciding who's replacing you?  I don't know.
I imagine they'll ask my opinion.
'Cause I'd like to throw my hat in the ring.
I think we know who the most qualified guy is around here.
Hey, I always answer the phone when you're in the bathroom,  but I don't say you're in the bathroom.
- Mm.
- That's leadership.
Whoa, whoa.
Slow down, my friend.
What has two thumbs and would like to be  considered as well?  This cat.
Well, who's got one thumb and never sued you? This cat.
DAVE: Hey, since when do you guys want to be in management, huh?  [INDISTINCT YELLING.]
Hey, I got a metal plate in my head!  Guys, guys.
Let's plan a party.
[CHEERING.]
Okay, so, anyway  - WAYNE: I got to get my band to play! - [SIGHS.]
So Axl set out to help his brother  and ask his old teacher to show Brick a little mercy.
Hi.
Mrs.
Kozicki? Axl Heck.
I know who you are.
Right.
Right.
Um, look, this might be a bit overdue,  but I know I didn't really return my baby  in the best condition, so I just wanted to apologize.
The baby?  That's just the start.
Look.
Your little flying butt men,  in permanent marker.
Not only is this destructive,  but it sends a very confusing message  about the human anatomy.
[CHART RETRACTS.]
All right, that's my bad.
But I just wanted to say  You ditched my class, you snored through my safety videos,  and I can't even count how many times I walked in here  to find Resusci-Annie and the skeleton  in compromising positions.
Wow.
Okay.
Well, first of all, you have a very good memory.
And yeah, I was kind of a tool back then,  but I'm not that guy anymore.
I have a really good job now.
Uh-huh.
You say you're working,  and yet it's the middle of the day and here you are.
Obviously you're putting the same effort  into your job as you did my class.
Okay.
Maybe I didn't come to your class 'cause it sucked.
Yeah.
I screwed around a lot.
I admit it.
But anybody can teach the dorks who want to learn.
Isn't trying to reach guys like me  the whole reason you took this job?  And here I am, all these years later,  trying to say sorry, and you're still treating me like crap.
Well, maybe you should've been a better teacher!  How about that?! Nobody likes you, Jody!  Oh, why did I come here again?  Oh! Also  [EXHALES DEEPLY.]
Don't fail my brother.
[SIGHS.]
Well, I tried.
You're toast, buddy.
Sorry.
What?! It didn't work?  No.
She wouldn't even accept my apology.
I mean, who does that?  And why didn't you tell me my Buttronauts were still up?  I think that's why I got the ovaries wrong.
She doesn't pull that chart down anymore.
Mm.
[DISTORTED CRY.]
Someone's corroded baby was on the porch.
That would be mine.
Thanks to Axl and his systematic torture of Mrs.
Kozicki,  I'm stuck with this cruddy baby.
Mrs.
K?! Oh, I love her!  She was one of my favorite teachers.
Really?! Do you think you could talk to her?  Remind her that I'm your brother, too, and not just Axl's.
Maybe that special bond could be transferred to me.
Oh, no, no, no, no, no, no, no.
I am not gonna have her memories of me  sullied because of you guys.
Help me, Sue.
You're my only hope.
Remember when I was little and cute?  Think of that Brick.
[SIGHS.]
You were cute.
Fine.
[GASPS.]
Oh! Mrs.
K!  Ahh! Ooh, it's so great to see you!  I have missed you!  Okay, I have been meaning to visit,  but I have been so busy with college  and applying for internships and my no-cut a cappella.
I'm sorry.
Who are you?  Sue.
Sue Heck.
Axl and Brick's sister?  Yes, but also Sue Heck your student.
Does not ring a bell.
Pbht.
What?  But we were really close.
Remember?  I made you that pencil cup holder  that said "Have a Healthful Day"?  [CHUCKLES.]
You were in my high-school collage  of my favorite high-school memories.
Oh.
Look, I've had a lot of students over the years.
I can't remember every one.
Well, you should.
Because they remember you.
You know, teachers are so important  to students during their formative years.
Yeah, I guess you didn't really distinguish yourself.
Didn't distinguish myself?!  I pulled your dog out of your boiling car in the parking lot.
I gave him mouth to mouth.
I saved his life.
Well, I thought that was Anna Hajarajanaan.
[GASPS.]
I cannot believe how hurtful you're being.
You know, kids look up to teachers.
You are supposed to help mold students' lives,  but you're not doing anything.
Well, if I had any interest in becoming a teacher,  I would come in here and just take your job!  You're a disgrace to that apple that's not on your desk!  I am gonna go home right now and crack open that Lucite  and take you out of my collage!  Oh, and please don't fail my brother.
Hey, pretzels!  All right.
That's great.
Thanks, guys.
Okay, thanks for everything.
Listen, Boss Man, before you go, I wanna give you something.
All right.
Um, The Chuck always wears this shark-tooth necklace  to remind him to always keep moving forward.
And  - I know you got to keep moving, too - Mm-hmm.
so I want you to do so with a piece of The Chuck  by your heart.
Uh, well you always clocked in on time  and I appreciate that.
Hey, Mike!  I wanna tell you something that nobody else knows!  When I got out of prison,  you hired me when nobody else would!  You gave me that second chance that every ex-con needs!  You changed my life!  Well, Wayne, nobody comes back  from an injury like you.
Heh.
Hey, Mike.
Thanks for recommending me for the job.
You're leaving me with some tough shoes to fill.
Ah.
I mean, I am gonna make a few changes  like bringing back office birthdays.
I know how you never liked them.
But nobody's ever taught me better how to be a manager  and a friend.
Well, you you you always hung up your coat neatly.
It did not go unnoticed.
Take me with you.
I know you can't.
But a part of me dies when you walk out that door.
[VOICE BREAKING.]
I always thought that maybe one day  you and I would have lunch together at your desk,  but now I know that's never gonna happen.
I promise to never take you off the group text.
Uh  [SNIFFLES.]
- Mike? - Mike? - Mike?  Aren't you gonna give a speech?  Yeah, you can't just go and not say goodbye.
[SIGHS.]
Look.
[CLEARS THROAT.]
Guys, I'm just leaving a job.
I'm not leaving you.
You guys are great.
It's just sometimes if you're doing something for a long time,  you're sometimes ready to try something else.
I mean  If I was really to stop and think about  what leaving this place means [CLEARS THROAT.]
Phew.
[ALL SOBBING.]
We're gonna miss you, man.
Wow, Mrs.
Kozicki really changed.
Oh, I also gotta take Mr.
Robinson off here.
He's only in it 'cause he saw me when I was making it  and asked if he was gonna be in it.
Told you, Sue.
She's mean.
She hates kids.
She only went into teaching for the money.
[SIGHS.]
I'm sorry I couldn't help you, Brick.
Maybe you can do some extra credit.
It's just incomprehensible that I'm gonna get the bad grade  when I've been doing everything right.
- [DISTORTED CRY.]
- I found your baby in the dryer.
Uh, her diaper was wet?  You're supposed to watch your baby at all times.
Like you watched me in the hospital  when another family took me home?  I wasn't being graded.
You are.
Watch your kid.
You know, it's just not fair.
Sometimes as a kid, you are just at the mercy of the school system.
Like when you get a "C" on a paper  because a teacher was too tired when she read it.
Or you don't make treasurer because your adviser  doesn't turn in the recommendation form on time!  I mean, that didn't happen to me  I didn't get the votes but it could.
Exactly!  How am I supposed to get a good grade  with a baby that shorts out under florescent lights?  She's trying to sabotage me.
I mean, we're all just trying to do our best, right?  Yeah, but you can't do that if some crabby old bat  on a power trip wants to screw you over.
Oh, my God.
Stop the whining.
News flash life's not fair.
Sometimes you get a bad teacher, sometimes you get a bad boss.
There's always gonna be mean people in your life.
That's just the way it is.
So you just gotta suck it up and deal with it.
That's how the world works.
Yeah, but it's not my fault I got this crappy baby.
Trust me, sometimes you don't get the baby you want.
You gotta love it anyway.
Which one of us do you think she was talking about?  All of you!    So, this last week has been challenging.
Did I take excellent care of this baby?  I would say no.
I've kept her dry and read to her on numerous occasions,  but she likes her alone time.
Still, I'm sure I've learned the appropriate lesson  for this unit  if you go all the way, you'll be a parent all day.
I'm just hoping next week will be better.
[SCHOOL BELL RINGS.]
[INDISTINCT CONVERSATIONS.]
Brick.
Could I speak to you for a minute?  Look, if you have a problem with me or my class,  you should come talk to me  instead of sending in your siblings.
Look, I didn't want to complain and say things aren't fair,  but it kinda seems you don't like my brother and sister,  so you're taking it out on me.
What? No.
This isn't about anything Axl or  I'm sorry.
I'm drawing a blank.
- Sue.
- Right.
It's not about anything they did.
Look, if I seem annoyed by you it's because of that thing  you did at the beginning of the year.
What thing?  I saw you lick my car.
The brown Chevy?  The white Tercel?  I lick a lot of cars.
You do?  I thought it was an act of aggression toward me.
What?! Oh, no.
It's just a quirk.
I'm working on it.
Huh.
Well, that's different.
I-I guess I shouldn't have taken it so personally.
Actually, hold on, Brick.
I  I know that you're at a slight disadvantage with that baby.
There might be a better one in the box  if you wanna swap it out.
No, that's okay.
Somebody's gotta love the weird ones.
[SIGHS.]
[EXHALES DEEPLY.]
[SOBBING.]
[SIGHS.]
You okay there?  I'm trying to make myself cry,  so I'm listening to the theme from "Ice Castles.
"  And it's not working!  If you wanna cry, can't you just think about your life?  I've tried.
It's frustrating.
I've needed a good cry all week,  and I keep getting cry-blocked.
Well, what were you so upset about?  [COFFEE POURING.]
I don't even know now.
If you can't remember what was upsetting you,  what's the problem?  [SIGHS.]
Never mind, Mike.
You're not gonna get it.
You're not a crier.
Why? What'd you hear?  [SIGHS.]
Why do we bother trying to talk?  It never goes well.
Anyway, look at you.
First day as a big shot corporate guy.
Oh, here.
Can you hold this?  Yeah, I'm not doing that.
[CAMERA SHUTTER CLICKS.]
Got something.
Ha.
[CELLPHONE RINGING.]
- [BEEP.]
- Hello?  GEORGE: Mike.
It's George Chung from corporate.
Hey, George.
I was just about to leave.
You said 9:00, right?  Yeah, I'm glad I caught you before you left.
With everything happening so fast, we forgot to tell you,  you won't be working out of the corporate office.
What do you mean?  We don't have any space for you here.
We leased out half the building to Paint Me Glaze Me.
- Well, then - No worries.
We got you covered.
We dropped another trailer for you down at the quarry,  right next to your old one.
You don't really need to be here in the office  'cause we can do everything remotely now anyway.
- But - So go get yourself situated  in your new trailer.
We have a Skype meeting at 11:00.
Great to have you on board, Mike.
- [CALL DISCONNECTS.]
- [SIGHS.]
- [BEEP.]
- I have to quit.
Why?  I can't go back to the quarry.
I said my goodbyes.
There was group hug.
[SIGHS.]
DAVE: Mike?  What are you doing here, Mike?! Mike's here!  Uh, hey, guys.
It turns out corporate wants me working here on site.
What?! Well, why did we give you a party  if you were just gonna stay here?!  Yeah, we spent a lot of money on that.
My mom was up for a week straight  knitting you that blanket.
Yeah, if you're not gonna be moving forward like a shark,  I'm gonna need my necklace back.
[GASPS.]
Why aren't you wearing it?  Oh, I took a shower.
Man, some guys'll do anything to get attention.
Now I regret that group hug!  Don't listen to them, Mike.
I'm glad you're back.
Now we can have those lunches together at your desk.
See you at noon.
[SIGHS.]
Sometimes we need a change,  even if it's the smallest of changes.
And I, for one, am happy Mike's back at the quarry,  because he's been there for 25 years  [VOICE BREAKING.]
and those guys are like brothers to him.
Oh, great.
Now I'm crying.
Anyway, you know the rest.