Title: s09e18
URL: https://www.springfieldspringfield.co.uk/view_episode_scripts.php?tv-show=the-middle&episode=s09e18

1  Seriously? Why are you doing this now?  I have to finish an invoice.
This is not like homework.
I have to do this.
[SIGHS.]
We're down to two forks and a cup,  so I am scouring the house for dirty dishes.
Last night, I ate macaroni and cheese  off an old record album.
If I don't do this, I have to break out the wedding china.
- What's this? - I dunno.
"Dear Mr.
and Mrs.
Norwood, thank you for the wallet.
I really"  "Dear Mrs.
Purdy, thank you  for writing a recommendation for"  For what, Axl? You didn't finish it.
Oh, my God.
There's millions of thank-you notes in here!  Are you telling me you didn't send these out?!  I didn't know where they were.
If you'd rake more often, this wouldn't be a problem.
I don't believe this.
This is for your high school graduation  money for your birthday  What?! This is from when you were 5!  I'm sorry, but you always said  thank-you notes got to be more than one sentence,  and two sentences is hard.
One of them is "Thank you.
" How hard could that be?  And look at this  I even addressed the envelopes for you  and put a stamp on them!  Oh, my God, Mom! You're making way too big a deal out of this.
All I'm saying is that when people take the time  to give you something,  you should take the time to say "Thank you.
"  It's just what people do.
Nobody cares about things  as much as you care about things.
Well, you should care!  Now, you are gonna send out these thank-you notes,  even if they're eight years too late.
And if anybody asks you, you tell them that this is on you,  because I did my job.
I will take the hit for sporadic flushing,  but I am not a bad parent.
The school called.
They want us to come down.
Seems like there's a problem with Brick.
[SIGHS.]
You couldn't have told me that outside?    Oh, I can't eat the bottom.
But I can't bring myself to eat the head, either.
That's too sad.
Alright, I'll start at the bottom.
Oh, no.
'Cause then they see themselves without a body.
That's worse.
Oh.
I almost forgot guess who I ran into yesterday.
Never mind.
I'll just tell you Sean Donahue!  Is he back from spring break?  He must be, 'cause I saw him in the quad.
And he says "Hi.
"  Hold on.
Did he say, "Hi," or did he say, "Hi"?  Somewhere in between the two.
He was also slightly annoyed  'cause I ran up and jumped on his back,  put my hands over his eyes, and said, "Guess who.
"  I thought we were jump-on-the-back friends,  but I guess we're not there yet.
Aw.
Okay, listen, uh  there's something I've been thinking about.
I told my mom, and she said it was a good idea,  but I wanted to run it by you.
Oh.
Go.
Well  I have decided to give Sean my snow globe.
You know, 'cause he always calls me his special snowflake.
So I figured I would just do it and tell him how I feel  and that I liked the kiss.
I liked it a lot.
[INHALES DEEPLY.]
What do you think?  I think it's a great idea.
I'm so happy with Luke, and I want you to be happy  so I don't have to subvert my happiness when I'm around you.
Alright, let's leave it to the fates.
If the next jellybean I pick is green, then I'll go for it.
[SQUEALS.]
Yellow.
I said "yellow," right?  - I heard "yellow.
" - Yeah.
Well, I'd like to thank you both for coming down.
And And let me just start by saying  this is not my favorite thing to do.
This is uncomfortable for everyone.
Look, this isn't our first rodeo,  so just tell us how weird, how inappropriate  And how much it's gonna cost.
Here's the thing um  seems he's been incessantly  making out all over school.
W-With a person?  What?  Not with a locker?  No.
Brick and this girlfriend of his, they, uh  well, they just go at it all the time.
Mike! [SCOFFS.]
And based on Brick's previous social interactions  and the fact that he now has a girlfriend,  it just well, just how far he's come  you know, n-normally, I would let it go,  but I had my ass handed to me by the principal.
Apparently, all the work we've done together has, uh,  emboldened Brick and his girlfriend  to make out in in inappropriate places.
He He can't be the only one making out in the hallway.
No, but he is the only one making out  during a prayer vigil.
So far, the administration has been lenient,  but if it happens again, well, there will be consequences.
For him or for us?  Three-day at-home suspension.
Then for us.
And I don't want to see Brick hurt.
Truth is, of all the students who've come through my office,  he's the one I'll remember the most.
You know, I even like to think  that we're somewhat similar, you know.
I was not always the heppest cat in school.
[CHUCKLES.]
But I think it's nice that Brick has found someone in Cindy,  just as I, myself, have reconnected  with the love of my life Shelley.
Don't let anyone tell you that stalking doesn't work.
[CHUCKLES.]
Well, thank you.
Uh, thank you so much.
And we take this very seriously.
I mean, this is troubling to both of us  mostly Mike, 'cause he's in charge of the boys.
- You got the snow globe? - Got the globe.
You know what you're gonna say?  I know what I'm gonna say.
Uh, but I don't want to say it right now  because I've practiced it in the mirror a thousand times,  and I don't want it to sound over-rehearsed.
- Okay, teeth check.
- You're good.
- Booger check.
- Clean.
Okay, this is it, Brad.
This is really it.
[EXHALES DEEPLY.]
Who's that?  Oh, then you see her, too?  It's probably nothing.
I mean, she looks older like 24.
Sean's 24.
Yeah, but she doesn't even look like a college student.
Sean's not in college, either.
He's in medical school.
Well, maybe it was purely a medical hug,  like, uh, like a front Heimlich or something.
I didn't see any food shooting out of her mouth.
Oh, my God.
Brad, how am I supposed to compete with that?  Okay, maybe she's older and more mature and womanly,  but you've got this whole panda thing working for you.
I still can't believe Brick making out all over school.
- Mike! - What?  I can't be happy my kid's getting a little action?  No, it doesn't work that way.
Look, if you're a football player  and a cheerleader making out at school, it's cool.
If you're president of the Font Club  making out with a girl that's 9 feet tall  wearing a safari hat, it's just a freak show.
I-I mean, you know Brick.
You know he has issues with social cues.
Oh, come on.
We've had so many issues.
Can't we be done?  When are we out of this thing?  Well, we had kids, so never.
Look, you're gonna have to talk to Brick.
What? Why me? Why do I got to talk to him?  'Cause a guy needs to hear this kind of thing from his dad.
You know, all that stuff about how to treat a lady  and what's appropriate and PDA.
Did you cover any of this when you gave him the sex talk?  You didn't give him the sex talk?  I didn't think we'd have to!  Well, you have to, Mike.
You have to.
[CELLPHONE CHIMES.]
Really? You sent out a group thank-you text?  What?  I just got a text from Nancy  saying she got a cute text thanking her and 25 other people  for gifts or services they may have given in the past.
Oh, good.
I'm glad she liked it.
By the way, Mom, it took, like, one second.
Yeah, I know it "took, like, one second,"  'cause it shows!  You didn't even spell out "Thank you.
"  You texted "THX," the number 4, and the gift emoji.
You You literally phoned it in!  Times have changed, lady!  I'm not being lazy.
It's called "being efficient.
"  You're just mad 'cause you got to use the biggest font on your phone  and you still have to squint to see it.
Ha ha.
I'm old.
Okay, look, here's how it's gonna go down.
As long as you are living here rent-free  and I am busting my hump to pay for your cereal  and your fancy shaving cream with aloe,  you are gonna write those thank-you notes on paper,  with your own hand, and it's got to fill the page!  Are we clear?!  [MUFFLED.]
Okay! Fine!  [SIGHING.]
Oh, my God.
Axl, I just raked under there!  [GROWLS.]
Go away!    [SPORTING EVENT PLAYING ON TELEVISION.]
[SIGHS.]
[TELEVISION SHUTS OFF.]
What's wrong?  What do you mean?  You turned off the TV when a basketball game is on.
Is Mom dead?  Why would you say that?  Well, the last time you turned off the TV  when a game was on, Aunt Edie died.
Look, nobody's dead, okay?  The school called me and your mom down  to talk to Dr.
Fulton.
Word is, you and Cindy  are getting a little frisky at school.
Oh, yeah, when I was making out with Cindy,  I saw him lurking around out of the corner of my eye.
He was trying to talk to me.
Who talks during a prayer vigil?  [SIGHS.]
Well, the can got kicked down the road to me,  so I think it's time for a little father/son chat.
I, uh  I assume that Axl has told you about sex?  Yeah, I'm up to speed.
I had a little mix-up on a health quiz.
Turns out there are no outside ovaries.
Let me save you some embarrassment.
We don't have them.
I'm aware.
But there's some stuff that maybe Axl didn't tell you.
For example, you should always have respect for women,  and make sure that you ask consent.
You know, you got to ask permission before you  Touch her ears?  Uh  Y sure.
Yeah.
But my point is, whether it's ears or anything else  - I'd stick to ears - Mm-hmm.
"No" means "No.
"  - Got it? - Got it.
Okay.
Oh, plus, there seems to be this issue  where you're making out a lot.
But making out's so enjoyable.
It took me and Cindy a while to figure it out  watching couples in the park helped  but now I know what I'm doing.
We move our lips now.
Congratulations on that,  but you know how every time I kiss your mom,  you guys say, "Ugh! That's disgusting!"?  Yeah.
Well, that's might be how other people feel about you.
So, out of respect for other people,  no kissing in front of them at school.
Or at home.
The woods is good.
Or, uh, any alley, behind a Dumpster.
You should feel a sense of shame.
That's how you know you're doing it right.
[CLICKS TONGUE.]
[SIGHS.]
There must be something in here  that makes me look more mature.
What about this?  We all love ice cream, but we don't have to wear it.
Ohh, yeah.
Look, are you sure we're not jumping to conclusions?  I mean, we don't even know who this woman is.
Maybe, but it made me realize  Sean's only gonna see me as Axl's little sister  because I'm still dressing like Axl's little sister.
You know, I'm 21 now.
I need to start dressing in a way that shows  I am a capable and confident woman.
Then we should probably get rid of the bumblebee sweater.
But it's the only thing that goes with my bumblebee pants.
Yeah, about those  Oh, yeah.
I know.
I know.
It's just I don't know.
I like being a little different.
And I like that my outsides  reflect the way I feel on the inside.
No one's saying you have to lose your Sue-ness.
Polka dots are good.
Just not "Put Me in the Zoo" polka dots.
[SIGHS.]
You know, it's a blessing  I didn't get to tell Sean how I feel.
I'm not ready.
I need to be more sophisticated.
Now let's pretend we're at the end of a shopping montage and I'm fixed.
- How did you get me there? - Okay.
Well I'm seeing you as a Jessica Chastain type  with a touch of Emma Stone but with hats.
[GASPS.]
I love hats!  [CHUCKLES.]
BRICK: No.
Sorry.
Just cutting through.
Brad's teaching me how to dress.
Hmm.
Dad's teaching me how to kiss girls in the woods.
Ohhh.
[SIGHS.]
Hey, Brick.
What do you think of this?  "Dear Uncle Ralph, thank you for the Spider-man lunch box.
I found it quite useful in transporting my sandwich  to my place of education.
The thermos was especially useful  in keeping my liquids chilled.
"  How does that sound?  I think you know the answer to that.
Urgh! I'm trying to use a lot of words  'cause Mom says I have to "fill the page.
"  Well, Axl, it's not that hard.
Just write the way you talk.
Okay.
Here's how I talk this sucks!  I didn't ask for any of these stupid presents.
They just came.
Did baby Jesus have to write thank-you notes to the Wise Men?  Was Mary all on him like, "Oh, thank you for the myrrh.
I'll be sure to use it next time I put myrrh on stuff.
"  Actually, Jesus did the ultimate thank-you.
Yes, but he didn't have to write anything.
[SIGHS.]
FRANKIE: Having gotten the sex talk with Brick out of the way,  Mike went back to doing what was really important  trying to get another 1,000 miles out of his car.
[SIGHS.]
Did you tell Brick to stop kissing me?  W-Well yeah.
No.
Not in so many words.
How many words did you use?  Look, the school has a policy  So you're trying to pin this on the school?  Since your little interference, Brick's grown distant.
He won't make out before school,  he won't make out in science class  when we dissect the frog.
We always make out over the frog.
Okay, see, that right there  I know what you're doing here.
Just because the love has died in your marriage  doesn't mean you have to kill ours.
What?  I've heard the stories  floating anniversaries, no flowers,  sleeping in separate bedrooms.
Hang on.
That's right.
I know you've been sleeping in Sue's room.
That was just for a couple a nights when Frankie's mom  Hey, I don't have to explain myself to you.
Fine.
You're happily married.
When's the last time you kissed your wife?  That's what I thought.
Now, can I put you down for a popcorn tin  for the Woman's Leadership Club?  Sure.
Mm-hmm.
Uh-huh.
Okay, if you want to be more adult,  it's not just about your clothes and makeup.
It's also about how you conduct yourself in conversation.
Okay.
So, I'm gonna say key words  and see how you react to them.
- Dolphins.
- [GASPS.]
I love dolphins!  [SIGHS.]
We all love dolphins, Sue,  but instead of gasping, you might talk about  how they're endangered because they get caught in drift nets.
Now let's try another one.
Double rainbows.
[GASPS.]
I love double rainbows!  That is not fair.
Even a single rainbow, I would get excited about.
Some people say they're God's sneezes.
Or you might say,  "Rainbows are lovely, and we're lucky to enjoy them.
And I also appreciate they stand for gay rights.
"  Now one more.
Glitter.
[STIFLED GASP.]
[SQUEAKS.]
[STRAINED.]
It just gets everywhere, doesn't it?  [CHUCKLES.]
Better.
[SIGHING.]
Ohh.
Whew.
[CLEARS THROAT.]
Hmm.
[TAPPING.]
Axl, how much longer is it gonna take you to finish those?  Turns out I'm not a woods or alley kind of guy.
I need a private place to bring Cindy  now that the school won't allow us to make out anymore.
Thinkin' I'll be done by the end of the day.
[SIGHS.]
Great.
With the first one.
What?! That'll take forever!  Mm.
Gonna let you in on a little secret here, Brick.
Your brother, which you look up to like a god,  has got one weakness writin' things good.
Oh, boo-hoo.
You're bad at one thing?  I'm bad at a million things.
But I have one girl in the universe who wants to kiss me,  and I can't, because you can't write a thank-you note  from when you were 8 years old?  Eh.
Here.
Give them to me.
Really? Oh, yes!  [CHUCKLES.]
Yeah.
Eh!  Well, at least, here's one you don't have to worry about  handkerchiefs from Aunt Edie.
You're about three years too late.
It's too bad.
She would've appreciated it, too.
Oh, well.
You know what, Brick?  Let me take another shot at those.
Really? Okay, but pick up the pace.
I'm dating a tall wall that needs a Brick.
Aah!  Owww! What the hell?!  Well, you scared me!  Aah.
Wow.
Did you take a class or something?  What were you doing?  I was gonna kiss you.
Why?  'Cause I realized it's been a while,  and I was trying to be romantic.
You're the one who's always harping on me  to be more romantic.
Fine, but don't be lurking behind me, like a serial killer.
Used to be you'd send me some signals.
You'd put on that song, you'd light a scented candle.
I knew where things were going.
I had time to shave stuff.
Forget it.
Hey, it was only an hour ago you told me my pee smelled.
Sorry if I'm not in a romantic mood.
Never mind.
Moment passed.
[SIGHS.]
You know what, Brick? Have at it.
Kiss Cindy wherever and whenever you want to.
You're gonna be old before you know it.
It goes by fast.
And if they give you any trouble at school, I got your back.
Hm.
And what you may not know is,  the symbol of the unicorn has greatly impacted cultures  throughout history.
Obviously, we all know they're not real.
Even if a little girl on cold medicine  once thought she saw one out her window,  she did not.
Excellent.
But just to be super picky,  you were playing with your hair the whole time.
Ugh.
Seriously?  Ugh! I didn't even realize I was doing it.
Okay, um  Maybe if I keep my hands in my back pockets.
No.
Or under my armpits?  Okay, this is crazy.
[SIGHS.]
Sean either likes me for who I am or he doesn't,  and if he doesn't, it's not meant to be.
There.
You have just become Jessica Chastain before my eyes.
Just one little thing  I did some light snooping on your competition.
Her name is Kelly Marie Dannemiller,  and she was Oklahoma's Junior Miss,  second runner-up to America's Junior Miss.
She spoke out against human trafficking, and she yodels.
Did you want to know that?  I don't even care.
It doesn't matter!  I am taking the snow globe over to Sean,  and I am telling him how I feel.
No more chickening out.
Okay.
Good.
Then I'm not even gonna tell you  she's self-taught on the ukulele.
Good for her.
Mm!  Hey-oh! Booyah!  Ba-bam.
I crushed it.
I was funny, I was heartfelt,  I acted like I knew these people.
See, doesn't that feel good, that sense of accomplishment?  So good.
Signed, sealed, you deliver.
What do you want me to do with them?  You got to take them to the thing  you know, where you take things?  The post office? You don't know what the post office is?  I've heard of them.
Do they still have those?  [SCOFFS.]
Never mind.
Just give me the address.
I'll Waze it.
Nobody knows the address of the post office.
We just know where it is.
And what is Waze?  [GROANING.]
Oh, my God.
Hey, you got mail on the counter.
Oh, yeah? What's it say?  How would I know? It's addressed to you.
Mm.
Ooh.
"Dear Axl, so nice to hear from you after all of these years.
Your thank-you note brightened my day with laughter.
You always were a charming fellow.
"  [CHUCKLES.]
"Here's $2.
Treat yourself to a video.
Uncle Ralph.
"  Aww.
Uncle Ralph's a great guy.
Don't forget to write him a thank-you note for that money.
- [WHIMPERING.]
Noooooo! - Unfortunately for Axl,  he got 10 more responses,  totaling $8 all requiring thank-yous.
Well, it's like they say "No good deed goes unpunished.
"    [EXHALES SHARPLY.]
Hey, Suzy Q! I'm so glad to see you!  - Y-You are? - Oh, my God.
You're not gonna believe this.
I literally just got it.
This second the e-mail.
I'm in.
I got accepted to the Delman Fellowship.
- What?! - In Ghana!  - What? - Yeah!  I applied for it so long ago, I practically forgot.
I didn't think I'd get in.
I got to call my friend Kelly.
She's the one who told me about it in the first place.
Her husband did it a couple years ago  said it changed his life, made him a better doctor.
Ohhhhh.
So I'm leaving in a month,  and I'm gonna be gone all summer.
[SINGSONG VOICE.]
I'm going to Ghana!  [CHUCKLES.]
Well, if you got into Ghana, you gotta go to Ghana.
[BOTH CHUCKLE.]
- Ahhh! - [LAUGHS.]
- [CLANK.]
- Oh! Oh!  Whatcha got in there?  'Cause if it's a bottle of champagne, break that puppy out.
Oh, no.
No.
Not champagne.
No.
No.
But Ghana! Wow!  I know.
I'm so pumped.
It's such a great program.
And they do a lot of charity work, too.
So    I guess when it comes to young love,  timing is everything.
But when it comes to old love,  it's really about putting in the effort.
[GLEN CAMPBELL'S "WICHITA LINEMAN" PLAYS.]
I am a lineman for the county   MIKE: Frankie!  One second!  And I drive the main road   Searching in the sun for another   [GRUNTS.]
overload   I hear you singin' in the wire   Be right there!  -  I can hear you through the whine  - [SINGSONG VOICE.]
Almost ready!