Title: s08e22
URL: https://www.springfieldspringfield.co.uk/view_episode_scripts.php?tv-show=the-middle&episode=s08e22

1  Now let's have a little bit of fun now   I just finished my last final ever.
Whoo-hoo!  [Cheering.]
Your diploma.
Can you keep it down?  Some of us are studying.
Hey! Should we keep it down for the studier?  All: No!  The people have spoken.
I love the democratic process.
God bless America!  [Cheering.]
Dude, I mean it.
It got to focus.
My poli-sci final is the last of the time slots.
It's Friday at 3:00.
Oh, man, that's cold.
Hey, since when have you cared about finals?  Since it's the final final of my entire school career.
After this, I am never taking a test again.
Except those Internet quizzes to find out  which Power Ranger I am.
So I want to go out strong.
So I've been studying like I've never studied before.
'Cause I have never studied before.
No, you have not.
I had no idea there were all these great ways  to remember stuff.
You know, highlighting, study groups,  reading the material.
I just really want to do well.
It's a matter of pride, so could you maybe,  I don't know, just show a little respect?  All right, man.
I got you.
Yo, everybody!  Can we give the guy a break?  Let's cut it down with all that joy!  [Grumbling.]
Thank you.
Don't need any more distractions.
Whoo-hoo! I'm done!  Oh! Let's go celebrate.
Take me somewhere fun.
Lex, I can't.
You know I got to study.
What? You were serious about that?  Yeah.
But I'm not gonna see you all summer.
It's just one more exam.
I promise we'll have time to hang  before you go on your fancy Caribbean yacht trip.
It's not a yacht.
It's just a 75-foot catamaran.
And it's not like we have a whole crew or anything.
It's just the captain, the purser,  and the chef.
That's it.
And for breakfast, we're totally on our own.
Mm.
Well, just so you know  When you pour your cereal, you tilt the box like this.
Okay, okay.
Go study.
I don't want to get in your way.
Okay.
Whoo-hoo!  I am done!  Whoo! Yeah!  Yes!  Are you freaking kidding me?  What, is it the power company again?  We've done everything short of paying them.
No, the Prairie Scouts put the wrong number on the curb.
They came by yesterday.
I gave them 5 bucks to redo it,  and they put the Donahues' number  instead of ours.
Why'd you let them take us for 5 bucks?  The old number looked fine.
Well, they said it needed to be brighter  so that emergency vehicles could see it at night.
You know those Prairie Scouts and their scare tactics.
I guess you better get them back here.
How the hell do you track down Prairie Scouts?  We're just gonna have to fix it ourselves.
Put it on the list.
Whoo-hoo! I'm done!  Hey.
Didn't you hear me?  I said, "Whoo.
"  And I said, "Hoo.
"  Did you take your last final?  Yeah.
Think I aced it.
Well, then, why aren't you rejoicing?  This isn't the Sue I know.
The Sue I know would be singing "Celebration"  into a hair brush right now.
Why such a sad panda?  Pbht.
I don't know.
It's just, like, every year at the end of the year,  I look back to see how well I completed  the goals I set for myself,  but this year, when I look back,  it just feels like the year was kind of "meh.
"  Wow, this is serious.
I've never heard you  "meh" about anything.
I know, right?  But the "meh" kind of fits.
I almost got kicked out of school for not paying.
I didn't join any new clubs.
I broke up with two guys.
Maybe it was my fault because I didn't label it.
I mean, my second Year of Sue was my best Year of Sue,  and my first was my second,  so I thought this would be my first,  but it turns out it's my third.
Actually, you know what?  I can't even call this a Year of Sue.
If I had to label it,  I would call it a Sue Sue So-So Sophomore Slump.
Judge, I object!  I submit this year's been fun.
Has it?  You crapped out at NYU.
You got food poisoning three times.
And your roommate is in ROTC, and you're scared of him.
Also slightly attracted to him.
Face it.
Things are kind of sucky.
We're not going back to Dollywood  because "Ramblin' Jack's Banjo Review"  wanted to go in a "different direction,"  which apparently just means a direction away from us.
I am gonna be working at Spudsy's all summer,  and you're gonna be doing hot-tar roofing with your dad.
How has "whoo-hoo" gone to "boo-hoo" so quickly?  Whoo-hoo!  Save it.
Whoa, whoa, whoa.
Frankie, why we getting HBO?  You didn't upgrade our cable, did you?  Yeah, I did it when I was having the Bentley detailed.
Let's see what else we're getting.
[Sexy music plays.]
Hey-o.
Yeah.
We're getting all the channels.
Well, I don't know why.
I certainly didn't order them.
I wonder if we're getting  No way.
What? What?  We're getting NBA League Pass.
Ooh.
I wonder if we get Hallmark Movies and Mysteries.
That will remain a mystery  'cause I'm not changing the channel.
It might go away.
[Beeping.]
Mike, come here.
No!  [Sighs.]
The microwave is working  without holding the hair dryer up to it.
It hasn't done that in years!  Mom, you won't believe this.
I have the best news.
Cindy just got back from her doctor.
He believes she's stopped growing!  [Gasps.]
Wow.
[Both chuckle.]
What's going on?  I mean, free premium channels,  the microwave's working,  you have a topped-off girlfriend.
- [Gasps.]
- You know what this is?  Mike, you know what this is?  Timeout.
No.
Don't you see?  All these good things are happening  because we have the Donahues' number on our curb.
The universe is confusing us with the Donahues.
- You're nuts.
- No, I'm serious.
You think this is a coincidence?  We've never had three good things happen to us  on the same day ever.
Or one.
That's not the way the universe works, Frankie.
We're all born with a crap sandwich.
Some people get a big one.
Others get a small one.
You eat your way through it, and then you're dead.
Oh, yeah? Okay, fine.
I'll prove it to you.
[Sniffs.]
Ha!  Not rancid.
Huh.
Frankie: Finally, after two kindergartens,  five years of grade school,  three years of junior high, four years of high school,  and four years of college,  Axl was ready for his final final  of his final year.
Hey.
You got get out of here  so I can lock up the room.
Uh, there's supposed to be a final in here in 15 minutes.
America and the Cold War?  That was at 9:00 this morning.
I'm getting hungry.
What are we doing for dinner?  Oh, sorry, Brick.
I didn't even think about it.
I've been microwaving popcorn all day.
Well, can we order something?  I'm starving.
- Me, too.
- [Muffled.]
Yeah.
Me, too.
[Doorbell rings.]
Got your eight pizzas.
Uh, we didn't order any pizza.
Well, I got eight pies, half pineapple, half pepperoni,  for "Johnson.
"  Okay.
We're not Johnson.
Yeah.
You know what? I'm sick of this.
It's another one of those stupid teenage pranks.
That's it.
I've had it.
I quit.
Here.
You can just keep these.
They're yours.
We just got eight free pizzas!  [Laughs.]
[Knocking on wall.]
Hey, Professor Kepley.
Axl Heck.
I'm in your America and the Cold War class?  You probably don't recognize me 'cause I sat way in the back,  but I was always there.
Okay.
Pig in a blanket?  No, thanks.
Listen.
Here's the thing.
I was supposed to take your final this morning,  but, uh, I hit a bit of a snag.
You see, I can't really go into details here,  but my dad is actually an astronaut  with the International Space Station,  and, uh, NASA lost contact with him this morning.
Ah.
They're still trying to decide  whether it was a technical error or our enemies in space.
And I can't really say any more  for security reasons, but you're in luck,  'cause I could take the test now, and  Stop.
I've been a professor for 29 years,  and I've heard every excuse.
All of you millennials coming into my office  thinking you can get a pass by making up some lame excuse.
Just once, it would be so refreshing  if someone were to come in here and tell me the truth.
Okay.
You're right.
You're right.
I'm gonna be honest with you.
I accidentally wrote down the wrong time.
And I am so sorry.
Thank you.
So, can I take the test now?  - No.
- What?  So you won't accept B.
S.
or honesty?  I mean, is there a third option I'm missing here?  Yes, you can take the class again in the fall.
No.
I can't graduate if I get a zero on the final.
[Chuckles.]
I've never said this before in my life  Please let me take that test.
You see what's going on here?  The music, the drink in my hand,  the relaxed vibe  All of this is to convey an atmosphere  of a man who is done done.
The test was at 9:00.
The students who were prepared showed up at that time.
And now the test is done, and so am I.
See ya.
Axl.
Any news from your dad,  the famous astronaut?  Thanks, buddy.
Mission aborted.
Brad! Brad!  [Laughing.]
You're not gonna believe this.
Beyoncé released another secret album?  No.
But we should check.
Orson High e-mailed me.
They want me to come back and speak.
What? Seriously?  Check it out.
"Dear alumni from 2010 to 2016.
We'd like to invite any of you to come back  and speak to the members of the class of 2017  to give your thoughts and reflections  on your time at Orson High and beyond.
Please contact the front desk to arrange a time.
Signed, The Counseling Office.
"  Oh, my God.
- What an honor.
- I know.
You should do it.
You'd be so perfect.
No one loved Orson High like you did.
You'd have so many great things to say.
And I bet it'd break you out  of your Sue Sue So-So Sophomore Slump.
Exactly.
Time for me to leave the pity party.
I have a purpose.
It's giving back to my alma mater.
Wow, Sue.
You're gonna help shape young lives.
What do you think you're gonna tell them?  Label every year.
Oh.
Mm-hmm.
[Giggles.]
Guys, guys, guys.
I still have dibs on the TV.
I'm only in here for a minute.
No, no, look.
That bruise I've had for years is gone.
[Screams.]
Mom!  I-I-I checked the other hip,  to make sure I wasn't confused,  and I still had that one weird spider vein  that looks like Lester Holt, but the bruise is gone.
If that's not magical Donahue healing,  I don't know what is.
Sure about that, Frankie?  We just got something from the IRS.
[Gasps.]
Oh, boy.
[Winces.]
How bad is it?  We overpayed in 2009.
It's a refund check!  Are you serious? Make sure that's our name on it.
Michael and Frankie Heck.
[Gasps.]
Oh, yeah!  [Cheering, laughing.]
You're at my house now? Really?  School's over.
Didn't you pick up on the vibe I was giving off?  It's summer, brah.
[Chuckles.]
And I can call you brah  'cause I'm not your professor anymore.
Okay, but I Ah.
I don't want to hear it.
No.
No, I'm sorry.
I won't go away!  You got to hear me out!  Look, I admit it! I screwed up!  But it was in the context of trying really hard  not to screw up!  Please! You can't let me not graduate!  I am begging for your compassion!  And I'm not leaving here until you let me take that test!  Fine.
I can wait.
I got nothing but time!    Sue couldn't wait to go back to high school  and impart her wisdom.
And since she was the only one to reply to the e-mail,  she didn't have to.
Hello.
My name is Sue Heck.
[Chuckles.]
Class of 2015.
I am a sophomore at East Indiana State  majoring in hospitality and hotel management  with a minor in theater.
Mm-hmm.
And I just wanted to say thank you so much  for inviting me back to good old Orson High!  Go Hens!  Okay.
So, um, let me just start  by saying I know how tough high school can be.
You know, you walk into the lunchroom with your tray,  and your best friend Carly's sick,  and you're like, "Ah, who am I gonna sit with today?"  What do you mean? We all just sit together.
Oh.
Oh, okay.
That's good.
Well, that makes it easy for you.
Because I know socializing in high school can be so hard.
But let me just tell you,  it gets a lot easier in college.
I mean, you guys are young now,  so there aren't a lot of parties,  but when you get to college  Um, but we go to parties all the time.
Yeah, pretty much every weekend.
Oh.
[Scoffs.]
Okay.
Well, I guess things have changed since back in my day.
But, you know, it doesn't matter  that I didn't go to parties in high school,  because my world really opened up in college.
I mean, when I went here,  I had, like, 50 Instagram followers.
But now I have almost 150.
[Chuckles.]
Pretty cool, huh?  Actually, I have 2,000.
2,000 followers?  Oh, you like a cheerleader or something?  No, I'm in cross country.
Cross  Uh, anyway, there are so many activities you can do.
Uh, I actually started my own group  the Wrestlerettes.
Is that like a comedy improv team?  No.
I mean, people did laugh at us,  but [laughs nervously.]
no.
Um, the point is,  yeah, there were some trying times,  but I have so many great memories of Orson High,  like I will never forget walking down West Hall  - [Laughter.]
- What?  No offense, but nobody really walks down West Hall  unless they're kind of a nerd.
But I walked down West Hall all the time    Okay, Mike, what do you want me to make you for dinner?  I can microwave you anything you want.
Mac and cheese, frozen burrito, Lean Cuisine.
Mm, I don't know.
I guess I'll have a hot dog.
Oh, come on, that's like 30 seconds.
Let me microwave something that takes longer.
Great news.
There's a radon gas leak in school.
Will our luck never cease?  How's a toxic gas leak a good thing?  Ause they cancelled school for tomorrow,  and it was rope-climbing day in gym.
Sorry, humiliation,  you've been postponed to a later date.
Okay, now, come on, Mike.
You got to admit it.
There are forces at work here.
Ever since we've had the Donahues' address on our curb,  it's been one good thing after another.
I want to hear you say it.
We got the Donahues' good luck.
I'm not saying anything.
It's superstitious nonsense.
Oh, really? Says the guy who believes  that by clutching a magical Colts towel,  he can help them win a game.
Hey, hey, hey.
That is sports.
That's an energy transfer from a towel to a team.
Completely different thing.
They've done studies.
Enough people holding a towel  can alter the course of a game.
Okay, fine.
Then, if you don't believe  there's some cosmic force at play  Here.
Go repaint the curb.
Go ahead.
Do it.
Look, I don't know what's causing it.
All I know is there's a playoff game tonight  and a "Godfather" marathon tomorrow,  so why don't you fire up that microwave  and nuke me some food?    Axl was so desperate,  he did something he had never done before.
He persevered.
That's right, I'm still here!  You hear me, Kepley?  I'm not going!  Got to let me take that test.
I have to graduate!  [Thunder crashes.]
Oh, are you kidding me?!  Fine!  Bring it!  I've been thirsty anyway!  Rain, baby, rain!  You don't understand!  I've worked for this my whole life.
For some kids, school comes easy,  but not for me.
I never studied this hard for a test in my whole life.
What are you trying to teach me anyway?  Hard work doesn't pay off?  What kind of sick teacher are you?  I know this stuff! I swear!  The North Atlantic Treaty was signed April 4, 1949,  as an act of collective defense  against foreign invaders.
The signers were the United States, Italy,  Canada, Norway, Denmark, Portugal, Iceland,  and the five nations of the Treaty of Brussels  United Kingdom, France, Belgium, the Netherlands,  and, uh  Agh! Damn it!  What is it? Um  Oh!  Luxembourg!  Yes! [Laughs.]
Come on!  Let me take the test!  People think I should.
Everyone thinks I should take this test!  "Let him take the test!  Let him take the test!"  Even this little worm.
He's saying He's saying it  "Let him take the test.
Let him take the test.
"  Fine.
Come to my office tomorrow at 10:00.
But you've got to get an 85% or you're not graduating.
75%.
[Door closes.]
[Chuckles.]
Yah-ha-ha-ha-ha-hess!  Yes!  [Laughs.]
Yah-ha-ha-hess!  Come on.
Come on.
Go for three.
Go for three.
Bango!  [Gasps.]
Oh, no.
No.
No, no, no.
What happened to all my premium channels?  You don't think  [Sighs.]
School is back on.
They tested the air and found acceptable levels of radon.
Our troop leader told us we messed up  and accidentally gave you your neighbor's address.
Sorry.
We didn't mind.
No, we felt really bad,  so we painted an American flag on there for free.
I hurried when I got your text.
What's wrong?  You were so excited about talking at school.
Brad, I found out something shocking.
I was a nerd in high school.
What?  But you were friends with me.
News flash You were a nerd, too.
How is that possible? I was in color guard.
I was vice president of Magicians Club.
I played Sky Masterson in "Guys and Dolls.
"  Apparently, those things weren't as cool as we thought.
[Sighs.]
Okay.
Well, maybe that was true in high school,  but this is college.
We're very different people now.
We're in no-cut a cappella.
You're a Dragonette.
There was only one person who didn't make Dragonettes,  and that's 'cause she was a Nazi sympathizer.
Oh.
I can't believe it.
All this time, I had no idea.
I mean, I knew I wasn't the most popular person in school.
And that was fine.
But I didn't realize I was a nerd.
Sue, I'd like to tell you a little story  about two other nerds I know  Ryan Gosling and Emma Stone.
What?  [Piano music plays.]
Can't you picture Ryan Gosling as a freshman   Sitting at the lunchroom table all alone?   And far across the country   With her head gear and her braids   Was an also somewhat awkward Emma Stone   -  Do you think they let the populars define them?  - Well  -  Do you think they let the cool kids give 'em guff?  - I don't know.
Did they hide their sweet crossbite-corrected smiles   When they felt down?   Bet they sang a song like this when times got rough   If you're bummed when you look into the mirror   You just shout into the glass with no regrets   Who's that junior peer leadership advisor?   She's the person who invented Wrestlerettes.
So you know every sonnet from "The Tempest"   And you wear your heart upon your puffy sleeve   Don't let others' slings and arrows   Put a damper on your day   Throw your hands up high   And shout out, "I believe"   I believe!  What's this obsession with labels?   Labels are nothing to fear   Tell those Tom, Dick, and Harry, and Mabels   The only thing that really should be labeled   Is a year   And if you don't believe me   If you don't think it's true   Here's a list of some great march-to-their-own-drummers   Just like you   Albert Einstein, Tina Fey   Neil deGrasse Tyson Hip-hooray   Zuckerberg Yeah, now you're talking.
Give it up for Stephen Hawking   Elon Musk, Bill Gates, and Yanni   George Takei, Kumail Nanjiani   Both:  All those hobbits, all those rings   All:  Don't forget the kids from "Stranger Things"   Ah-ah-ah-aah   And just think, next September when we're juniors   Think of all the great things we can do   Perhaps I'll take up cello   Perhaps I'll meet a fellow   And we'll tell ourselves whenever we're blue   Put that frown upon the shelf   And celebrate yourself   And the march-to-their-own-drummers   Who are just like   Sue!   [Song ends.]
But not everyone on campus was celebrating.
There was still one person who was not quite done.
Axl wasn't lying.
He knew the material.
He got an 86%.
He was graduating.
Whoo-hoo-hoo-hoo!  I'm done! I'm free!  Who wants to party?  Anybody?  Hello?